 URL : "https://github.com/simsulla/nwomod/issues/998" TITLE : fall of the ussr BODY : i will use this issue to review some of the properties of the breakup of the soviet union in the mod. currently there are two paths for breakup. ussr militancy or ussr bankruptcy with year limitations . loosing confrontations with the west may cause militancy. the ussr economy is shaky caused by modifiers hitting their productivity. as a simplification one could outline three major forces in the end of the ussr 1. inability to reform the economy - may attributes this to the communist system in it self but @simulla believes this to be incorrect, the successful market socialism in most remaining communist regimes most notably the prc is not an inherent property of the system. from a game perspective this will be modded by a market communism tech invention that gives the us a deciding if they are to give the communist regime the market communism advantage i.e. they would allow the prc to have access to international capital, in order to strengthen them against the ussr, but deny the ussr access, in order to bring about their economic demise . 2. inability of leadership - the upside of ussr is the ability so suppress toe pops, but this comes with a downside of internal only selection of the party elite - study the actions of gorbachev, the august coup leaders, the eastern europe communist leaders handling of crisis - i think it is apparent what is meant with this . as the leader of the ussr you would be able to select maybe less competent leader but gain in more suppression and reduced militancy. 3. geo-strategic disaster - with the opening up of china in the 1970s and economic rise of china, including direct military confrontation with the ussr. so the ussr needs to try and maintain good relations with the pcr, but they can't control them as they are another greater power. the us by strengthening the position of china starting with the nixon-kissinger , facilitates the geo-strategic disastrous position of the ussr.