 URL : "https://github.com/bitshares/bitshares-ui/issues/880" TITLE : private key login BODY : for cloud wallet: is there a reason we are having people use a password instead of their private key to login? if the password was compromised it is essentially the same as if the private key is compromised. is it not? why the extra layer of complexity? is it solely to provide the option for the user to set their own password? what benefit is this? the login / create account / restore account / import account / cloud/ local wallet etc process is a splintered mess. it took me 15 minutes to figure out how to login to an existing account from a private key. it's no wonder so many are having issues regarding login. at the very least we should add to login logic a check to see if the entered password works as a wif key for the account. i'm starting to think it would be best if we simply dropped the cloud vs local login styles and just offered a single simple login with wif-key/password for individual accounts. from there a user could define a key-ring file if they wanted to manage multiple accounts and to login with if desired. and download for backup. in settings you could add or remove keys from any number of key-ring files. as well as load an active key-ring. to login using the key-ring simply select use key ring , select the file, and enter your decryption password. this would load a single key from the ring and the wallet would work exactly like any other single account login with an attached key-ring file for easily switching accounts. this solves a lot of issues of complexity. there is only 1 login type. no more local vs cloud. if a user wants easy access to multiple accounts he simply defines a key-ring and loads it to the session. if a user desires a simple password instead of the complex wif-key. all he needs is to define a key-ring and encrypt it with the password of his choosing. this password would be useless to an attacker without the key-ring file, so password complexity is less important.