 URL : "https://github.com/SpongePowered/SpongeAPI/issues/1545" TITLE : entity pre-death event BODY : this is basically the same idea as behind this 2 year old issue: https://github.com/spongepowered/spongeapi/issues/898 however, with minecraft 1.11 and the addition of the 'totem of undying' some justification behind the decision of the linked ticket might have changed by now. a pre-death event might make sense in order for plugins to be able to implement features similar to that of the totem of undying. the compromise of the linked ticket was to let the damageentityevent provide a willcausedeath method, which simply checks if the damage of the event is sufficient to kill the player. plugins are then able to cancel the damage event and handle the death somehow differently. however, due to the addition of the totem of undying, it is no longer possible for the damage event to know whether or not the entity is actually going to die as result of the damage. and there are other issues with this proposed 'solution' as well: by cancelling the damage event all the other consequences of damage besides the entity dying are getting skipped as well. for example: armor not getting damaged, exhaustion not getting applied, the damage not getting tracked by the damagetracker influences the death message for example , .. also there might be other sources of an entity dying. i haven't checked, but: if a plugin directly sets an entity's health to zero, i assume that will cause the entity to die as well? if so, plugins are probably not able to react/prevent those deaths currently. a cancellable pre-death event or a pre-death event with a 'resurrectwithhealth health '-method would only be called when an entity is really about to die. and this might be called regardless of whether or not the death is caused by damage or something else. this would prevent the issues mentioned above and give plugins more control over how to handle an entity's death, including being able to resurrect the entity similiar to the totem of undying.