 URL : "https://github.com/mozilla/donate.mozilla.org/issues/1802" TITLE : add more payment methods BODY : hello. i wanted to ask for add more payment methods in donate section. as you know, one of most important thing for mozilla and it's projects, is having more and more income resources money . the popular payment methods around the world are different. although credit cards like: master card, visa,.. and paypal are accessible in many countried, but many other countries haven't easy access to this payment systems, or at least these systems are not easy to acess and and popular. if these people can donate to mozilla, the foundation will be more stable and more powerful to support open source projects. for example, in russia and most of cis countries and many other countries, webmoney and yandex money are more popular than paypal. in addition, because restrictions of paypal, many persons that like to donate to mozilla, can't use it. i wanted to ask for adding these payment methods to your donate page: 1-webmoney: www.wmtransfer.com : multicurrency, popular in russia, cis countries, east of europe 2-yandex money: https://money.yandex.ru only for ruble 3-wallet one: www.walletone.com multicurrency. have office in usa also 4-perfect money: http://www.perfectmoney.is 5-ok pay: www.okpay.com 6-ali pay: https://global.alipay.com popular in china, part of alibaba group 7-cashu: www.cashu.com popular in middle east and gulf countries 8-union pay credit cards popular in china and many other countries 9-skrill: www.skrill.com popular in europe and uk 10-one card: www.onecard.net multicurrency popular in saudi arabia 11-ebanx https://business.ebanx.com/en/ will help you to accept local payment systems in latin america i think localization isn't only translate softwares and websites to local languages., localization means be accessible for all of locales in anything even acception of local peyment methods for donations of local users and local fans of firefox. amir farsi. memebr of persian l10n team.