 URL : "https://github.com/ryerbanta/radian/issues/4" TITLE : email to invited editors BODY : dear x, i hope your summer is going well. i'm writing to ask you to participate in a new project that i'm launching with a team of colleagues from ohsu, centralia community college, and montana state university. the project is described below: the problem great data related resources are out there. many of you—data experts, practitioners, and learners alike—share your data solutions, approaches, and ideas on the open web. however, finding these resources is hard, especially when materials with the potential for broad appeal are only shared with a specialized community. we want to break down disciplinary silos and create a space to share resources, amplify your work, and build an interdisciplinary community. introducing radian radian provides a community-curated hub for sharing resources and discovering ideas about data science, visualization, data management, data policy, and applications of data for the public good. by highlighting and connecting the work you are using and creating in your practice we want to increase the discovery and recognition of data-related contributions on the open web, and foster a cross-disciplinary community built on information sharing. where you come in we're looking for a group of startup editors to help launch radian. as an editor, you'll use pressforward technology http://pressforward.org/ to promote the awesome content that you make and use in your work, and then you'll add some extra information to make it easier to discover and use by others. you will be recognized as a radian editors-at-large and credited for the posts that you contribute. we thought of you because of your expertise in x, your website, your work with x, your vibrant twitter presence, etc . as a community leader, your voice will be invaluable in helping to populate radian with great content and thoughtful commentary. i hope you'll agree to be one of radian's inaugural editors. let me know if you have questions! sara