 URL : "https://github.com/Deep14/Movies-Analysis/issues/13" TITLE : final project peer review BODY : the project's goal was to predict a movie's revenue from information about its production and cast. the data was drawn from a kaggle dataset and information scraped from imdb. the preprocessing and feature selection was well thought out and well explained. i especially liked how the team accounted for inflation and the binary encoding format of the genres. i also liked the incorporation of data scraped from the web, and would have liked to see more web-scraped features included in the dataset. i have some concerns about transforming the budget and revenue though, because i feel that what seems like even small errors would actually have massive implications for usefulness of your prediction getting the log off by 1 is the same thing as your prediction being off by a factor of e . thus, loss functions would need to harshly penalize even small errors, and i feel like the methods used may not have taken this into account. your methods and results for the most part are pretty well explained, but i had a hard time figuring out what the formulas meant or how they related to the loss functions you were using. i also would have liked to see how you tuned the parameters for your decision tree and its final structure. the neural network was interesting but an r^2 of 0.1 means that it's practically uncorrelated. perhaps it could have done better with more tuning, and i would have liked to see more detail on how you trained the neural net and why you only had a single hidden layer. from reading your results it seems like the features that you were using might not have captured all of the important predictors of a movie's revenue. a few ideas for features that might have resulted in better fitting models: advertising budget or what percentage of the budget was spent on advertising and the number of theaters screening the movie. overall though, great work i really enjoyed reading your report. :