 URL : "https://github.com/MozillaFoundation/mozfest-program-2017/issues/681" TITLE : portable network kits pnk BODY : uuid ddb74fd7-3939-4141-a95c-f65a68348877 session name portable network kits pnk primary space decentralization secondary space digital inclusion submitter's name raul enriquez submitter's affiliated organisation resilient communities nyc additional facilitators houman saberi,tony baizan,greta byrum what will happen in your session?
in this session, we will build the decentralized internet, not just conceptualize it. team members from resilient communities nyc will use a bad theatre demo and a hands-on workshop to share tools and strategies for creating a portable local wireless network in a pinch. the pnk portable network kits session will highlight the very real problem of communication during a disaster. the session will visualize portable and accessible solutions, and then participants will work together to build and deploy local battery-powered wifi networks. while the pnk can serve as an internet gateway under normal circumstances, it can also work in “island mode” in an emergency: an autonomous community resource for local apps, services, and data. what is the goal or outcome of your session?
how will your local community communicate when a disaster hits? participants will walk away with skills to assemble, configure, and deploy a portable network kit pnk . we will also introduce them to the many potential uses and adaptations of the pnk, including the ability to create and mobilize autonomous, locally-controlled information systems for self-determination, mutual aid, and digital sovereignty. participants will walk away with concrete skills, a how-to guide, and the challenge to use the pnk to gain greater ownership and control over their digital presence. if your session requires additional materials or electronic equipment, please outline your needs.
a simple hdmi connection to a video projector or large monitor would be nice. time needed
90 mins