 URL : "https://github.com/mcenderdragon/Futurepack-API/issues/117" TITLE : assorted research problems BODY : v. futurepack-1.10.2-24.2.58, forge-1.10.2-12.18.3.2185 1 spacetravel:teleporter research is not quite right. when you activate the research, the bar underneath the empty large batteries goes blue immediately, then the bar under the minecart fills up with sp, then nothing else happens for about 15-20 minutes and then the research finishes eventually. have tried removing the recipe and restarting, using a different researcher machine, etc. 2 tools:neon sword and tools:e-scanner research have no entries. both say to contact the mod developer. 3 not 100% verified at an early point in the research, there are a number of researches that you need empty flash memory as components for. in jei, all 5 types of empty flash memory are called empty flash memory, but the researches will only accept the 2nd type, which is the empty improved redstone flashdrive made using obsidian. we're pretty sure that it's not possible to have the research for that type of drive before doing the researches, and thus the researches should be using the empty simple redstone flashdrigve instead, but as we got the server to hand us some of those drives, we then did all those researches and were then able to build the empty improved redstone flashdrives, so we're not sure which research opened it up. 4 not certain this is a problem story:??? need neon crystal research has never opened up, despite scanning neon crystals, neon sand and neon crystal blocks. 5 futurepack bauxite ore blocks are not equivalent on the ore dictionary with other mods aluminium ores or bauxite ores. specifically, we're using immersive engineering bauxite ore and also have base metal aluminium. the ingots are all compatible, and the other ores are with each other, but not with futurepack bauxite ore. this makes the research for aluminium impossible to do in our world without cheating in some ore. please let me know if you need any further data / clarification.